docs: announce deprecation of Kubernetes priority scheduler (#9667)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/deprecate-priority-scheduler.rst

:orphan:

**Deprecations**

> -  Kubernetes Scheduling: Due to limited usage, we are removing support for the priority scheduler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes Scheduling: Support for the priority scheduler with preemption for Kubernetes is removed due to limited usage. Users should transition to the default scheduler.
```

> due to limited usage. Users should transition to the default scheduler.

Reviewer 2: This looks good. Based on how we announced the agentrm deprecations, I have a couple small suggestions.
- I think we could be a little more clear about the state of the feature for this release: we're announcing that it could be removed in future releases. 
- We've been trying to add links to release notes to make things more discoverable. Is there a master config reference we could point to?

I've also been using "Resource Manager" a lot in the release notes in an attempt to add clarity.

What do you think of this?
```
Support for the priority scheduler with Kubernetes Resource Managers is discontinued and may be removed in a future release. Users should transition to the default scheduler. Visit < link to master config reference > for details. 
```

If we're removing the entire priority scheduler (as opposed to a piece of it), I would just use "priority scheduler" instead of "priority scheduler with preemption".

>    with preemption for Kubernetes. Users should transition to the default scheduler.

Reviewer 3: nit: 
`Kubernetes Scheduling: Due to limited usage, we are discontinuing support for the priority scheduler with preemption for Kubernetes. Users are advised to transition to the default scheduler.`

>    with preemption for Kubernetes. Users should transition to the default scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
